.TH "XFRACTINT" "1" "20.05" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
xfractint \- fractal generation program
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B xfractint [options] [; comments]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.I Xfractint
draws a wide variety of fractals.  Xfractint is a port of the IBM PC
program fractint.  Xfractint has online documentation which should be
referenced for most operation information.  Note that the online
documentation is from fractint, and does not always accurately describe
xfractint.  A text version of the online documentation can be generated
by running ``make doc''.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
xxx=yyy
Sets variable xxx to value yyy.  See the online documentation for more
details on the possible variables.
.TP
@filename
.br
Loads parameters from the specified file.
.TP
@filename/groupname
.br
Reads a named group of parameters from the specified file.
.SH "BUGS"
There are many bugs and things that haven't been implemented.

.TP
Boundary tracing sometimes locks up.
.TP
Passes=2 has problems??
.TP
Symmetry that is offset slightly doesn't always complete the image.

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright 1991 \- 2022 by The Stone Soup Group
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf
The original Unix port was done by Ken Shirriff (shirriff@eng.sun.com).
Xfractint was updated to Fractint 19.5 by Tim Wegner (twegner@fractint.org)
under Linux 2.0. Please report updates for other platforms to Tim Wegner.
The current official release is 20.0.
The primary authors of Fractint 20.0 are:
Timothy Wegner         twegner@fractint.org
Jonathan Osuch         josuch@fractint.org
George Martin          ggmartin@compuserve.com
Robin Bussell          robin.b2@ukonline.co.uk
.fi
